This directory holds measurements for sub-base plates for the DeWalt
dw6182 plunge and dw6184 fixed router bases.  It also hosts the design
for a router edge guide base plate that could be mounted onto either
of those bases.

The design can be viewed
[here](https://marknahabedian.github.io/DesignWithSVG/dewalt_router_base/edge_guide.html)
and is suitable for cutting using Shaper Origin.


<h3>Notes on Mounting Hole Measurements</h3>

I wasn't able to find official measurements for the mounting holes of
these router bases.

The plate is mounted to the base using #8-36 (fine) machine screws
(nominal diameter 0.164 inch).

I measured the diameters of the mounting holes in the base plates
using a set of transfer punches.  The fixed base plate I measured off
of took a 1/4 inch transfer punch.  The holes for the stock plunge
base took a 13/64 traansfer punch.

I tried measureing the mounting hole spacing with calipers and came
up with variation in my measurements.  I can come up with many
sources for these variations, but wonder how much it matters.

If we cut 1/4 inch (0.25) mounting holes to clear a 0.164 inch screw,
that gives us (0.25 - 0.164)/2 = 0.043 inch of slop in any direction
for a single hole.  For any given pair of holes we can only allow each
hole to be off by half that.  1/64 inch is 0.015625 inch.

With a base plate loosely screwed in to the fixed base, I measured
0.055 inch of diagonal play between the base plate and the edge of the
base.

<h4>A Better Way</h4>

I took a scrap piece of wood (from an old clementine crate).  I
drilled a pair of tight clearance holes for #8-36 machine screws
(11/64 inch gave a comfortably snug fit) some guesstimated test
distance apart, measureed using a DRO mounted on my drill press fence.
I noted which of these test distances were correct.

This gave be the hole spacing 61mm for the fixed base and 66mm and
79mm for the plunge base.  These spacings fit the corresponding router
bases quite well.
